Hear me, and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan. You may think this is suffering. No…It is salvation. Universal scales tip toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile…For even in death, you have become Children of Thanos.  From the dawn of the universe, there was nothing. Then, boom! The Big Bang sent six elemental crystals, hurdling across the virgin universe. These Infinity Stones each control an essential aspect of existence. Thanos. He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki! The attack on New York, that’s him! Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight.  It’s the birth place of my hammer. It’s truly awesome. I could lose a lot. Me personally. I could lose a lot. 

I know. I had the surgery. I’m just trying to protect us. The future, us, and that’s it. Just in case there’s a monster in the closet, instead of, you know… 300 dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they’d be safe. I made what he wanted. A device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. Then he killed everyone anyway. All except me. “Your life is yours.” he said “But your hands are mine alone.” Yeah, we got one advantage. He’s coming to us. We’ll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It’s pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don’t wanna dance with this guy. We just need the gauntlet.

Thanos. He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki! The attack on New York, that’s him! All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome. Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please. Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him. 

My humble personage… bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever had the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe lies within your grasp. Who are you kidding, Quill? You’re one sandwich away from fat. Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay. I’m gonna get a Bowflex. I’m gonna commit. I’m gonna get some dumbbells. There’s six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They’re with the Avengers. Going to bed hungry. scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I’m the one who stopped that. Do you know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome. 

All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. I could lose a lot. Me personally. I could lose a lot. 

We don’t have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. Hang on, kid.  He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome. Oh yeah? You don’t wanna tell me where she is? That’s fine. I’ll kill all three of you and beat it out of Thanos myself. Yeah, we got one advantage. He’s coming to us. We’ll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It’s pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don’t wanna dance with this guy. We just need the gauntlet. Dude, don’t call us plucky. We don’t know what is means. Alright, we’re optimistic, yes. I like your plan. Except it sucks, so let me do the plans, and that way it might be really good.

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft! We don’t have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. Tony Stark, I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way. Oh my God. I should have stayed on the bus. There’s six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They’re with the Avengers. Little one, it’s a simple calculus. This universe is finite, it’s resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction.

I consider experience, experience. Almighty Thanos. I, Loki, Prince of Asgard… Odinson… The rightful King of Jotunheim, God of Mischief, do hereby pledge to you, my undying fidelity. No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe! If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony… He can destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos. A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.

Enough! We need to stop Thanos. Which means we need to find out where he’s going next.  You’re quite the fighter, Gamora. Come. Let me help you.  Yeah. Right where I don’t want you to be. This isn’t Coney Island. This isn’t a field trip. It’s one-way ticket. You hear me? Don’t pretend like you thought this through. You could not have possibly thought this through. Yeah, I think I’m getting the hang of it. Wow! It’s like being the Hulk without actually- (He stumbles on a rock, and a carrier goes by, from which Okoye gives him a dubious look. He stands) I’m okay. I’m okay.

We don’t have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you.  I got it figured out. We got two ships, and a large assortment of morons. So me and Groot will go with the pirate-angel here, and the morons will go to Knowhere to try and stop Thanos. Cool? Cool. Gamora. Do you know if these grenades are the “blow off your junk” kind or the gas kind? ‘Cause I was thinking I might hang a couple on my belt right here. But I don’t want to- Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.  Welcome, Thanos, son of Eros, Gamora, daughter of Thanos.

I’ll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they’ll make you a metaphysical Ham on Rye. We…Have blood to spare.  Alright, back up, Sam. You’re gonna get your wings singed.  A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.

Hang on, kid.   Is it sadness I sense in you, daughter? In my heart, I knew you still cared. But one ever knows for sure. Reality is often disappointing. That is, it was. Now… Reality can be whatever I want. I’m the only one who knows that. At least, I’m the only one with the will to act on it. For a time…you had that same will…as you fought by my side. Daughter. Flash Gordon? By the way, that’s a compliment. Don’t forget, I’m half human.  So that 50% of me that’s stupid… That’s 100% you. But at random, dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a madman. And what I predicted came to pass.

No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe! If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony…  I got it figured out. We got two ships, and a large assortment of morons. So me and Groot will go with the pirate-angel here, and the morons will go to Knowhere to try and stop Thanos. Cool? Cool. Not to each other. Wanda… For two years, we’ve stolen these moments, trying to see if this could work. And… I don’t know. You know what, I’m just gonna speak for myself. – I, I… I think… Everyone in the Galaxy knows you’d sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection. I know you have the Reality Stone. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering.  No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail.  Going to bed hungry. scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I’m the one who stopped that. Do you know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. Your math is blowing my mind. But at random, dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a madman. And what I predicted came to pass. Welcome, Thanos, son of Eros, Gamora, daughter of Thanos.

Okay, and then you’re like, “Oh my god, there’s no bathroom, what am I gonna do?” “Oh! Someone’s watching.” “I’m gonna go in my pants.” Right! That’s the point I’m trying to make. Apropos of that, last night, I dreamt, we had a kid. So real. We named him after your eccentric uncle. Uh, what was his name? He can destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of. Who are you kidding, Quill? You’re one sandwich away from fat. Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay. I’m gonna get a Bowflex. I’m gonna commit. I’m gonna get some dumbbells. Families can be tough. Look. Before my father died, he told me I had a half-sister…that he imprisoned in Hel. Then she returned home, and stabbed me in the eye, so… I had to kill her. It’s life, isn’t it, I guess. Goes round and round and… I feel your pain. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.

We don’t have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. Tony Stark, I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way. I could lose a lot. Me personally. I could lose a lot. 

Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to…  Dr. Banner, if the rest of your green friend won’t be joining us… The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you.  I got it figured out. We got two ships, and a large assortment of morons. So me and Groot will go with the pirate-angel here, and the morons will go to Knowhere to try and stop Thanos. Cool? Cool. Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.   No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail.  Yeah. Right where I don’t want you to be. This isn’t Coney Island. This isn’t a field trip. It’s one-way ticket. You hear me? Don’t pretend like you thought this through. You could not have possibly thought this through. Absolutely. Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret…They’re all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I’m good to go.

I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM. Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet. Hang on, kid.   No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail.  Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand….if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone… I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can’t, because the fate of the universe depends on it. Absolutely. The rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret, they’re all tremendous motivators. They truly clear the mind… so, I’m good to go. 

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft! Hang on, kid.  Ever since you got your little sap, you’re a total d-hole. Keep it up, and I’m gonna smash that thing to pieces! The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you. Little one, it’s a simple calculus. This universe is finite, it’s resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction. Oh yeah? You don’t wanna tell me where she is? That’s fine. I’ll kill all three of you and beat it out of Thanos myself. Your math is blowing my mind. Let’s talk about this plan of yours. I think it’s good, except it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good.

I’ll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they’ll make you a metaphysical Ham on Rye. Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to… All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please.

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft! Tony, listen to me. Thor’s gone. Thanos is coming. It doesn’t matter who you’re talking to or not. Who are you kidding, Quill? You’re one sandwich away from fat. Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay. I’m gonna get a Bowflex. I’m gonna commit. I’m gonna get some dumbbells. Enough! We need to stop Thanos. Which means we need to find out where he’s going next.  You’re quite the fighter, Gamora. Come. Let me help you.  I could lose a lot. Me personally. I could lose a lot.  Welcome, Thanos, son of Eros, Gamora, daughter of Thanos.

Okay, and then you’re like, “Oh my god, there’s no bathroom, what am I gonna do?” “Oh! Someone’s watching.” “I’m gonna go in my pants.” No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe! If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony… Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to… Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome.

There’s six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They’re with the Avengers. No. It’s you who doesn’t understand. Thanos has been inside my head for six years…Since he sent an army to New York and now he’s back! And I don’t know what to do. So I’m not so sure if it’s a better plan to fight him on out turf or his but you saw what they did, what he can do. At least on his turf, he’s not expecting it. So I say we take the fight to him. Doctor. Do you concur? Little one, it’s a simple calculus. This universe is finite, it’s resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction. Going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps? Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I was the one who stopped that. You know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise.

Tony Stark, I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way. Okay, guys, can we quick cable this discussion right now? The fact is that we have the Stone. We know where it is. Vision is out there somewhere with the Mind Stone, and we have to find him now. Oh my God. I should have stayed on the bus. Everyone in the Galaxy knows you’d sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection. I know you have the Reality Stone. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering. Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand….if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone… I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can’t, because the fate of the universe depends on it. Little one, it’s a simple calculus. This universe is finite, it’s resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction.

Tony Stark, I’m Doctor Stephen Strange. I need you to come with me. Oh, uh, congratulations on the wedding, by the way. Ever since you got your little sap, you’re a total d-hole. Keep it up, and I’m gonna smash that thing to pieces! Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos. Let’s talk about this plan of yours. I think it’s good, except it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good.

Hear me, and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan. You may think this is suffering. No…It is salvation. Universal scales tip toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile…For even in death, you have become Children of Thanos. I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM. Tony, listen to me. Thor’s gone. Thanos is coming. It doesn’t matter who you’re talking to or not. Hang on, kid.  Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand….if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone… I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can’t, because the fate of the universe depends on it. Yeah, we got one advantage. He’s coming to us. We’ll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It’s pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don’t wanna dance with this guy. We just need the gauntlet.

Ever since you got your little sap, you’re a total d-hole. Keep it up, and I’m gonna smash that thing to pieces! Who are you kidding, Quill? You’re one sandwich away from fat. Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight.  Going to bed hungry. scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I’m the one who stopped that. Do you know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. Your math is blowing my mind.

Stone keeper… Does this chattering animal speak for you?  Is it sadness I sense in you, daughter? In my heart, I knew you still cared. But one ever knows for sure. Reality is often disappointing. That is, it was. Now… Reality can be whatever I want. You know, I’m 1,500 years old. I’ve killed twice as many enemies as that, and every one would have rather killed me, but none succeeded. I’m only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is the latest in a long line of *morons* and he will be the latest to feel my vengeance. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos. Yeah, we got one advantage. He’s coming to us. We’ll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It’s pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don’t wanna dance with this guy. We just need the gauntlet. Alright, back up, Sam. You’re gonna get your wings singed. 

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft! My humble personage… bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever had the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe lies within your grasp.  From the dawn of the universe, there was nothing. Then, boom! The Big Bang sent six elemental crystals, hurdling across the virgin universe. These Infinity Stones each control an essential aspect of existence. Wong, you’re invited to my wedding.  The entire time I knew Thanos, he only ever had one goal: To bring balance to the Universe by wiping out half of all life. He used to kill people planet by planet, massacre by massacre… Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight. 

Tony, listen to me. Thor’s gone. Thanos is coming. It doesn’t matter who you’re talking to or not. Who are you kidding, Quill? You’re one sandwich away from fat. He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome. No. It’s you who doesn’t understand. Thanos has been inside my head for six years…Since he sent an army to New York and now he’s back! And I don’t know what to do. So I’m not so sure if it’s a better plan to fight him on out turf or his but you saw what they did, what he can do. At least on his turf, he’s not expecting it. So I say we take the fight to him. Doctor. Do you concur? You know, I’m 1,500 years old. I’ve killed twice as many enemies as that, and every one would have rather killed me, but none succeeded. I’m only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is the latest in a long line of *morons* and he will be the latest to feel my vengeance.

I consider experience, experience. Almighty Thanos. I, Loki, Prince of Asgard… Odinson… The rightful King of Jotunheim, God of Mischief, do hereby pledge to you, my undying fidelity.  I got it figured out. We got two ships, and a large assortment of morons. So me and Groot will go with the pirate-angel here, and the morons will go to Knowhere to try and stop Thanos. Cool? Cool. Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight.  It’s the birth place of my hammer. It’s truly awesome.

Thanos. He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki! The attack on New York, that’s him! Tony, listen to me. Thor’s gone. Thanos is coming. It doesn’t matter who you’re talking to or not. Going to bed hungry. scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I’m the one who stopped that. Do you know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. Absolutely. Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret…They’re all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I’m good to go.

I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM. Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet. Wong, you’re invited to my wedding.   You’re quite the fighter, Gamora. Come. Let me help you.  I’m the only one who knows that. At least, I’m the only one with the will to act on it. For a time…you had that same will…as you fought by my side. Daughter. Absolutely. Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret…They’re all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I’m good to go. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft! No telling. He has the Power and Space Stones, that already makes him the strongest creature in the whole universe! If he gets his hands, on all six Stones, Tony… Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please. Gamora. Do you know if these grenades are the “blow off your junk” kind or the gas kind? ‘Cause I was thinking I might hang a couple on my belt right here. But I don’t want to- We…Have blood to spare.  Absolutely. The rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret, they’re all tremendous motivators. They truly clear the mind… so, I’m good to go.

I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM.  Yeah. You know what there should be? No more surprises. We’re gonna have a nice dinner tonight. Show off this Harry Winston. Right? And we should have no more surprises. Ever. I should promise you. Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please. The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you. Absolutely. The rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret, they’re all tremendous motivators. They truly clear the mind… so, I’m good to go.

Wow. This is a real wake-up call for me. Okay. I’m gonna get a Bowflex. I’m gonna commit. I’m gonna get some dumbbells. Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.   No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail.  You’ll know when we’re there. Nivadellir’s forge harnesses the power of a blazing neutron star.  Absolutely. Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret…They’re all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I’m good to go. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos. Absolutely. The rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret, they’re all tremendous motivators. They truly clear the mind… so, I’m good to go.

I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM. Stone keeper… Does this chattering animal speak for you? All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. I’m not looking for forgiveness. And I’m way past asking for permission. Earth just lost her best defender. So we’re here to fight. And if you wanna stand in our way… We’ll fight you, too. 300 dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they’d be safe. I made what he wanted. A device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. Then he killed everyone anyway. All except me. “Your life is yours.” he said “But your hands are mine alone.” Yeah, I think I’m getting the hang of it. Wow! It’s like being the Hulk without actually- (He stumbles on a rock, and a carrier goes by, from which Okoye gives him a dubious look. He stands) I’m okay. I’m okay.

He can destroy life on a scale hither to undreamt of. Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight. 

Okay, and then you’re like, “Oh my god, there’s no bathroom, what am I gonna do?” “Oh! Someone’s watching.” “I’m gonna go in my pants.” And I feel your pain, as well. I mean it’s not a competition, but I’ve been through a lot. My father killed my mother, then I had to kill my father. And that was hard. Probably even harder than having to kill a sister. Plus, I, came out of it with both of my eyes-”  Is it sadness I sense in you, daughter? In my heart, I knew you still cared. But one ever knows for sure. Reality is often disappointing. That is, it was. Now… Reality can be whatever I want. Oh, daughter. You expect too much from him.   No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail.  Alright , Stark. We go to him. But you have to understand….if it comes to saving you or the kid or the Time Stone… I will not hesitate to let either of you die. I can’t, because the fate of the universe depends on it. I’m the only one who knows that. At least, I’m the only one with the will to act on it. For a time…you had that same will…as you fought by my side. Daughter. But at random, dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a madman. And what I predicted came to pass. 

Okay, guys, can we quick cable this discussion right now? The fact is that we have the Stone. We know where it is. Vision is out there somewhere with the Mind Stone, and we have to find him now. Certainly not. I speak for myself. But you’re trespassing in this city and on this planet.  Dr. Banner, if the rest of your green friend won’t be joining us… It’s the birth place of my hammer. It’s truly awesome.

Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual.  Yeah. You know what there should be? No more surprises. We’re gonna have a nice dinner tonight. Show off this Harry Winston. Right? And we should have no more surprises. Ever. I should promise you. All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome. Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos. Flash Gordon? By the way, that’s a compliment. Don’t forget, I’m half human.  So that 50% of me that’s stupid… That’s 100% you.

I know what it’s like to lose. To feel so desperately that you’re right… yet to fail, nonetheless.It’s frightening. Turns the legs to jelly. I ask you, to what end? Dread it. Run from it. Destiny arrives all the same. And now, it’s here. Or should I say…I AM. Stone keeper… Does this chattering animal speak for you? No. You simply lack the strength to wield them. Your bodies will crumble as your minds collapse into the madness. Not to each other. Wanda… For two years, we’ve stolen these moments, trying to see if this could work. And… I don’t know. You know what, I’m just gonna speak for myself. – I, I… I think… Titan was like most planets. Too many mouths, and not enough to go around. And when we faced extinction, I offered a solution. But at random, dispassionate, fair to rich and poor alike. They called me a madman. And what I predicted came to pass. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome.

Okay, and then you’re like, “Oh my god, there’s no bathroom, what am I gonna do?” “Oh! Someone’s watching.” “I’m gonna go in my pants.” Thanos. He’s a plague, Tony. He invades planets, he takes what he wants, he wipes out half the population. He sent Loki! The attack on New York, that’s him! There’s six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They’re with the Avengers. It’s the birth place of my hammer. It’s truly awesome.

 Dr. Banner, if the rest of your green friend won’t be joining us… Hang on, kid.  All right, Guardians. Don’t forget, this might be dangerous, so let’s put on our mean faces. I’m the only one who knows that. At least, I’m the only one with the will to act on it. For a time…you had that same will…as you fought by my side. Daughter.

Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual. I know. I had the surgery. I’m just trying to protect us. The future, us, and that’s it. Just in case there’s a monster in the closet, instead of, you know… Everyone in the Galaxy knows you’d sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection. I know you have the Reality Stone. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering. Going to bed hungry. scrounging for scraps. Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I’m the one who stopped that. Do you know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. Absolutely. Rage, vengeance, anger, loss, regret…They’re all tremendous motivators. They really clear the mind. So I’m good to go. 300 dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they’d be safe. I made what he wanted. A device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. Then he killed everyone anyway. All except me. “Your life is yours.” he said “But your hands are mine alone.” Yeah, we got one advantage. He’s coming to us. We’ll use it. All right, I have a plan. Or at least the beginnings of one. It’s pretty simple. We draw him in, pin him down, get what we need. Definitely don’t wanna dance with this guy. We just need the gauntlet. All my life, I dreamed of a day…A moment when you would get what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now…You kill and torture…And you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize, and it told you no. You failed. And do you wanna know why? Because you love nothing. No one. A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess.

I consider experience, experience. Almighty Thanos. I, Loki, Prince of Asgard… Odinson… The rightful King of Jotunheim, God of Mischief, do hereby pledge to you, my undying fidelity.  From the dawn of the universe, there was nothing. Then, boom! The Big Bang sent six elemental crystals, hurdling across the virgin universe. These Infinity Stones each control an essential aspect of existence. Stone keeper… Does this chattering animal speak for you? He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome. Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please. Everyone in the Galaxy knows you’d sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection. I know you have the Reality Stone. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering. Yeah. Right where I don’t want you to be. This isn’t Coney Island. This isn’t a field trip. It’s one-way ticket. You hear me? Don’t pretend like you thought this through. You could not have possibly thought this through. 300 dwarves lived on this ring. I thought if I did what he asked, they’d be safe. I made what he wanted. A device capable of harnessing the power of the stones. Then he killed everyone anyway. All except me. “Your life is yours.” he said “But your hands are mine alone.”

Stone keeper… Does this chattering animal speak for you? And I feel your pain, as well. I mean it’s not a competition, but I’ve been through a lot. My father killed my mother, then I had to kill my father. And that was hard. Probably even harder than having to kill a sister. Plus, I, came out of it with both of my eyes-” He may be on the team. I don’t know. Haven’t been there in a while. As for the Soul Stone, well, no one’s ever seen that. No one even knows where it is. Therefore, Thanos can’t get it. Therefore, he’s going to Knowhere. Hence, he’ll be getting the Reality Stone. You’re welcome.  No, we have to destroy it. I’ve been giving a good deal of thought to this entity in my head, about its nature. But also, its composition. I think if it were exposed to a sufficiently powerful energy source, something, very similar to its own signature, perhaps… Its molecular integrity could fail. 

My humble personage… bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever had the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe lies within your grasp. I’ll tell the guys at the deli. Maybe they’ll make you a metaphysical Ham on Rye. Nidavellir is real? Seriously? I mean, that place is a legend. They make the most powerful, horrific weapons to ever torment the Universe. I would very much like to go there, please. Everyone in the Galaxy knows you’d sell your own brother if you thought it would add the slightest trinket to your pathetic collection. I know you have the Reality Stone. Giving it to me will spare you a great deal of suffering. We…Have blood to spare. 

This is the Asgardian refugee vessel Statesman! We are under assault, I repeat, we are under assault – The engines are dead, life support failing! Requesting aid from any vessel within range…We are 22 jump points out of Asgard. Our crew is made up of Asgardian families, we have very few soldiers here! This is not a war craft, I repeat, this is not a war craft!  Yeah. You know what there should be? No more surprises. We’re gonna have a nice dinner tonight. Show off this Harry Winston. Right? And we should have no more surprises. Ever. I should promise you. A lifetime ago, I too sought the stones. I even held one in my hand. But it cast me out, banished me here, guiding others to a treasure I cannot possess. Going to bed hungry, scrounging for scraps? Your planet was on the brink of collapse. I was the one who stopped that. You know what’s happened since then? The children born have known nothing but full bellies and clear skies. It’s a paradise. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome. 

Right! That’s the point I’m trying to make. Apropos of that, last night, I dreamt, we had a kid. So real. We named him after your eccentric uncle. Uh, what was his name? Oh my God. I should have stayed on the bus. Not to each other. Wanda… For two years, we’ve stolen these moments, trying to see if this could work. And… I don’t know. You know what, I’m just gonna speak for myself. – I, I… I think… Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight.  You know, I’m 1,500 years old. I’ve killed twice as many enemies as that, and every one would have rather killed me, but none succeeded. I’m only alive because fate wants me alive. Thanos is the latest in a long line of *morons* and he will be the latest to feel my vengeance.

We don’t have the Tesseract. It was destroyed on Asgard. I know. I had the surgery. I’m just trying to protect us. The future, us, and that’s it. Just in case there’s a monster in the closet, instead of, you know…  Is it sadness I sense in you, daughter? In my heart, I knew you still cared. But one ever knows for sure. Reality is often disappointing. That is, it was. Now… Reality can be whatever I want. All my life, I dreamed of a day…A moment when you would get what you deserved. And I was always so disappointed. But now…You kill and torture…And you call it mercy. The universe has judged you. You asked it for a prize, and it told you no. You failed. And do you wanna know why? Because you love nothing. No one.